# Ways to Write a Java Program

There are several ways to write a Java program. Here are some modifications that can be made to the main method:

1. By changing the sequence of the modifiers, method prototype is not changed in Java.

Let's see the simple code of the main method:

```java
static public void main(String args[])
```

2. The subscript notation in the Java array can be used after the type, before the variable, or after the variable.

Let's see the different codes to write the main method:

```java
public static void main(String[] args)
public static void main(String []args)
public static void main(String args[])
```

3. You can provide var-args support to the main() method by passing 3 ellipses (dots).

Let's see the simple code of using var-args in the main() method:

```java
public static void main(String... args)
```

4. Having a semicolon at the end of class is optional in Java.

Let's see the simple code:

```java
class A {
    static public void main(String... args) {
        System.out.println("hello java4");
    }
};
```

## Valid Java main() Method Signatures

- `public static void main(String[] args)`
- `public static void main(String []args)`
- `public static void main(String args[])`
- `public static void main(String... args)`
- `static public void main(String[] args)`
- `public static final void main(String[] args)`
- `final public static void main(String[] args)`
- `final strictfp public static void main(String[] args)`

## Invalid Java main() Method Signatures

- `public void main(String[] args)`
- `static void main(String[] args)`
- `public void static main(String[] args)`
- `abstract public static void main(String[] args)`

## Resolving an error "javac is not recognized as an internal or external command"

If there occurs a problem like displayed, you need to set a path. Since DOS doesn't recognize `javac` and `java` as internal or external commands. To overcome this problem, we need to set a path. The path is not required in a case where you save your program inside the `JDK/bin` directory. However, it is an excellent approach to set the path. [Click here](http://www.javatpoint.com/how-to-set-path-in-java) for instructions on how to set the path in Java.